README.md, before:

# Fifatum

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/juanedi/fifatum.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/juanedi/fifatum)
---

## Development environment setup

### Elm

The client application is programmed in [Elm](http://elm-lang.org/) v0.18.0. To install the compiler simply run:

```
$ npm install elm@0.18.0
```

### Rails

The app uses Ruby 2.3.1. To install Rails and other Ruby dependencies using Bundler, run:

```
$ gem install bundler
$ bundle install --path=.bundle
```

### Database

By default, the application tries to connect to a postgres server at localhost:5432. The database can be created using [Docker compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) as follows:

```
$ docker-compose up -d
```

After that, run migrations and import FIFA17 teams with the following commands:

```
$ bundle exec rake db:setup
```

To download and import FIFA17 teams:

```
$ bin/scraper
$ bin/import_teams
```

### Testing

To run de test suite simply run

```
$ bundle exec rspec
```

### Releasing

First, build the docker image and tag both the image and the current Github revision. Make sure every local file that you don't want to be included in the resulting image is added to the `.dockerignore` file.

```
$ docker build -t jedi/fifatum .
$ docker tag jedi/fifatum jedi/fifatum:x.y.z
$ git tag -a x.y.z
```

Now push both tags:

```
$ docker push jedi/fifatum
$ git push --tags
```

Commit message:

Store teams data and document rake task for importing it

README.md, after:

# Fifatum

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/juanedi/fifatum.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/juanedi/fifatum)
---

## Development environment setup

### Elm

The client application is programmed in [Elm](http://elm-lang.org/) v0.18.0. To install the compiler simply run:

```
$ npm install elm@0.18.0
```

### Rails

The app uses Ruby 2.3.1. To install Rails and other Ruby dependencies using Bundler, run:

```
$ gem install bundler
$ bundle install --path=.bundle
```

### Database

By default, the application tries to connect to a postgres server at localhost:5432. The database can be created using [Docker compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) as follows:

```
$ docker-compose up -d
```

After that, run migrations and import FIFA17 teams with the following commands:

```
$ bundle exec rake db:setup
```

The current list of FIFA 17 leagues and teams is stored in the `data/teams.json`
file and can be imported with the following rake task:

```
$ bundle exec rake fifatum:import
```

### Testing

To run de test suite simply run

```
$ bundle exec rspec
```

### Releasing

First, build the docker image and tag both the image and the current Github revision. Make sure every local file that you don't want to be included in the resulting image is added to the `.dockerignore` file.

```
$ docker build -t jedi/fifatum .
$ docker tag jedi/fifatum jedi/fifatum:x.y.z
$ git tag -a x.y.z
```

Now push both tags:

```
$ docker push jedi/fifatum
$ git push --tags
```
